describe auto expand groups (#1239)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/treedatagrid/methods.md

---
title: Expand and Collapse Items
page_title: .NET MAUI TreeDataGrid Documentation - Expand Collapse Items
description: Learn about the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TreeDataGrid methods and how to expand or collapse a parent node programatically.
position: 20
tags: methods
slug: treedatagrid-methods
---

# Expand and Collapse Items in .NET MAUI TreeDataGrid

> The [Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TreeDataGrid]({%slug treedatagrid-overview%}) lets you expand and collapse item either through the UI-by tapping on the expand/collapse icon or programmatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TreeDataGrid]({%slug treedatagrid-overview%}) lets you expand and collapse items through the UI (by tapping on the expand/collapse icon) or programmatically.
```
